---
layout: post
comments: true
title:  "Resolutions for 2017"
date:   2017-01-01T09:00:00Z
categories: blog
tags: resolutions new-year
---
The new year is a time for reflection and introspection. 2016 was difficult in many aspects but it also was a great year for me. I'll leave the media make the apology of 2016 and remind you how awful it was for the rest of the world. 
I made strides in my quest to learn programming and development. 
I owned my skills in Linux server administration and also got a dog which I conveniently named Linux. I started photography and video editing.

So today I write to you because I saw this post from an entrepreneur I very much respect, Sir Richard Branson. 
He said: ["One tip for 2017, write it down"](https://www.virgin.com/richard-branson/my-one-tip-2017-write-it-down), so here I will write a few goals I have for 2017. 
I have checked this post into version control so any modifications will be recorded. This is an incomplete list and may be adjusted along the way.

1. <input type="checkbox" /> Learn Python
2. <input type="checkbox" /> Publish a vlog about programming and show people how to program
3. <input type="checkbox" /> Travel with my bike at all costs
4. <input type="checkbox" /> ~~Race my skis once~~ (unless december has races, I think this goal might fall through).
5. <input type="checkbox" /> Race my bike many times this summer
6. <input type="checkbox" checked="checked" /> Do a half marathon under 2 hours ([results here](https://www.sportstats.ca/display-results.xhtml?raceid=42853&status=results&lastname=devisscher)).
7. <input type="checkbox" /> Complete 3 university courses
8. <input type="checkbox" /> Eat much more and better

What are your goals for 2017? How will you achieve them? Do you think it is okay to change and modify your goals along the way?

Happy New Year everyone! I'm off to ski!
